### Amazon CloudWatch
- CloudWatch allows you to monitor your AWS infrastructure and the applications you run on AWS in real time.
- It works by tracking and monitoring metrics. 
- Well, the first one is that you can have access to all your metrics from a central location
- gain insights across your distributed stack to correlate and visualize metrics and logs to quickly pinpoint and resolve issues.
- create alarms that automatically perform actions if the value of your metric has gone above or below a predefined threshold. 

### Amazon Cloudtrail

- API auditing tool
- Every request gets logged in the CloudTrail engine. Records who made the request, which operator, when? Where were they? What was their IP address?response? Did something change? And what is the new state? Was the request denied? 
- CloudTrail Insights. This optional feature allows CloudTrail to automatically detect unusual API activities in your AWS account. 

### AWS Trusted Advisor
- Automated Web service that inspects your AWS environment and provides real-time recommendations in accordance with AWS best practices
- evaluates resources against five different pillars. 
  - cost optimization, performance, security, fault tolerance, service limits.
  - Assists while creating new workflows, developing new applications. Also while making ongoing improvements to existing applications and resources. 
- The green check indicates the number of items for which it detected no problems.
- The orange triangle represents the number of recommended investigations.
- The red circle represents the number of recommended actions.

### ELB (ELastic Load Balancing)


   
   Health checks are performed by ELB.

   Application load balancer:
      User authorization
      Rich metrics and logging
      Redirects
      Fixed response
   Network load balancer:
      TCP and User Datagram Protocol (UDP) connection based
      Source IP preservation
      Low latency
   Gateway load balancer:
      Health checks
      Gateway Load Balancer Endpoints
      Higher availability for third-party virtual appliances
```
