### AWS Cloud Adoption Framework
Help related to migration to the cloud.

Perspectives: <br>
<hr>
  Business side: <br>
  <hr>
    Business:
      IT aligns with business needs and that IT investments link to key business results.<br>
    People:
      Organization wide management strategy for successful adoption.
      use it to evaluate organizational structures and roles, new skill and process requirement and identify gaps.
      helps in prioritizing training, staffing and organizational changes. 
      <br>
    Governance:
      skills and processes to align IT strategy with business strategy.<br>
  <hr>
  Technical side:<br>
    <hr>
    Platform: Principles and patterns for implementing new solutions on cloud.<br>
    Security: Security objectives are met. visibility, auditability, control and agility.<br>
    Operations: Run operate recover IT workloads to level agreed upon with your business stakeholders. Define how day-to-day, quarter-to-quarter and year to year business is conducted.
    <hr>

### Migration
  <b>Rehosting</b>. lift and shift. And this is an easy thing for businesses to do because you're not making any changes.<br>
  <b>Replatforming</b>. lift, tinker, and shift. instead of a pure one-to-one, a few cloud optimizations. No core code is changed in the process. No new dev efforts are involved here. 
  <br>Example: SQL to cloud db rds sql or aurora
  <br>
  <b>Retire</b><br>
  <b>Retain</b>
  : Soon to retire.<br> 
  <b>Repurchase:</b>
  This is common for companies looking to abandon legacy software vendors and get a fresh start as part of migration. <br> Traditional software with traditional licenses to software as a service model. <br>
  <b>Refactoring:</b> Writing new code. This is driven by a strong business need to add features or performance that might not be possible on prem, but now are within your reach.

### Large Data Transfer

> **AWS Snowcone** is a small, rugged, and secure edge computing and data transfer device. It features 2 CPUs, 4 GB of memory, and up to 14 TB of usable storage.

> **AWS Snowball Edge**<br>
    
    >> Snowball Edge Compute Optimized
      provides powerful computing resources for use cases such as machine learning, full motion video analysis, analytics, and local computing stacks.

    >> Snowball Edge Storage Optimized 
      devices are well suited for large-scale data migrations and recurring transfer workflows.
> **AWS Snow mobile** <br>
exabytes scale data transfer service to move large amounts of data to AWS.

### Innovations

- Convert speech to text with **Amazon Transcribe**.
- Discover patterns in text with **Amazon Comprehend**.
- Identify potentially fraudulent online activities with **Amazon Fraud Detector**.
- Build voice and text chatbots with **Amazon Lex**.
- **Amazon Textract**. Extracting text and data from documents to make them more usable for your enterprise instead of them just being locked away in a repository. 
- **Deepracer** Chance for your developers to experiment with reinforcement learning.
- **AWS Ground Station** - satellite.
- **Amazon SageMaker**: Quickly build, train, and deploy machine learning models at scale. 
- **Amazon SageMaker & Amazon A2I** provide a machine learning platform that any business can build upon without needing PhD level expertise in-house. 
